I think for me, the greatest success that I had was being accepted to
my undergraduate university, UC Berkeley. From the time that I got that
sheet of paper that said, "You have been accepted", then I realized
my life was about to take a really drastic change because I know
that that school was, is for some of the smartest kids in America and
that paper really told me that all of the things that I'd been trying
to do, all of the late night sessions that I had been working on,
the homework and the math and the science, all the times that I stayed
up overnight, that culminated in someone out there saying, "You
know what? We think that you have what it takes to change the world."
That's what that paper makes me and that's my biggest success so
far.